README.md, before:

# Project

> This repo has been populated by an initial template to help get you started. Please
> make sure to update the content to build a great experience for community-building.

As the maintainer of this project, please make a few updates:

- Improving this README.MD file to provide a great experience
- Updating SUPPORT.MD with content about this project's support experience
- Understanding the security reporting process in SECURITY.MD
- Remove this section from the README

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

Commit message:

added initial overview and use cases

README.md, after:

# Project Overview

An application to provide a streamlined interface for various ways of initiating a virtual visit with a person or group of people.

## Use Cases

We built this project to meet multiple needs around connecting with patients through audio/video calls.

### Streamlined "meet now" for virtual visits

When trying to meet virtually with someone, there are multiple channels of engagement, with potentially multiple screens/interfaces involved in setting up and calling/inviting the participant and additional parties (e.g. interpreter, additional family member). There is a desire to have a "simple, single interface" to make engaging in a call easy, without detailed knowledge of how the communication platform works and the nuances of scheduling these different types of engagement.

The application makes it easy to dial out via Teams call, or invite multiple parties via SMS/email to the virtual visit and join that call.

### Launch from EMR applications

For a healthcare proviers, clinicians, and staff, they want to be able to initiate calls from the context of a patient record or specific encounter in the EMR (desktop, mobile, tablet).

The application receives patient contact information (e.g. phone number, email address) directly from the EMR, reducing effort and potential errors involved with copy/paste and entry.

## Power Platform Application sample app

### Prerequisites

### Using the sample app

### Architecture

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Trademarks

This project may contain trademarks or logos for projects, products, or services. Authorized use of Microsoft 
trademarks or logos is subject to and must follow 
[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.
